i don't need help.

secure, i need family and friends to test.
i need help communication for product, and some fund, and test app.

i have two products. well it can be an bank app function inside a game.
bank app first.

virtual business world. bank apy cheapest to maintain.
thats the only way to facilitate payment system.
i have my own bank and ACH. just designing the user interface.
 i have one, its no charge. need to automate user input.

 well i just wanted control my own finance. with my product, its ACH to anybody, thats a service.
 well right now, i have a product that allow ACH transfer, that i made that can pay each other.
 its the product i want to build. i want to make the finance app, it can be inhouse.
 game you have to create assets, just for fun. 
 
 but i wanted to control the finance first.
 i wanted a finance app, seperate from  a game. if i can create both.
 right now i can receive payment no fees. game processors still take 3%. that cuts into apy.
 so i can make my own website

 is it exclusive, can play on steam or website.
 then they can choose either.
 twitch wants 50% cut now, and play more ads to supplement.
 they lower from 70% to top streamers
 and if now u have to play more ads. but no more exclusive streaming contract.
 theres apps that stream to all platforms simultaneously.
 games don't manage finance well, makes the games pay to win.
 they treat them as business, before gave them favor top streamers.

 well no one has to play a game, and if u want finance system not cutting 3% per trade. or u make a payout period.
 but my finance app will not have any fees. cuts cost into profits and user experience. 
 well i think debit processing, business have to pay fee.
 got to keep prices low or manage where the money goes.

 i want to make a finance app for myself to create money from apy. i want my own product.
 what you do with the 100k salary. bank apy or real estate, i want to control the whole process.
 you trading your time and work for a paycheck. versus building app and earning revenue.
 limited time, choose ownership or employee.u said 100k employee, u work.
 i own the app. they will own the app and i no longer own anything just take paycheck.
 it has to be my app. and earning any money is fine.

 and because i live off of apy, if i make $1, thats like $100 of my own money.
 also i get to learn anything i want.
 basically im creating the payment system first.
 its a waste of time, u got to work on your  own product.
 well the real skill, is what u earn on your own app.
 im already learning the bank apy system, i just bank on other peoples interest.

 i only develop 2 hours of progress a day.
 you probably will encounter a situation will u have to in the future.

 games too grindy. thats why i only focus on making money through finance.
 the customers can only pay for fun, or if u involve real money. its finance now.
 im cementing my finance part of my life, not games.

 i wanted to create real value, not stocks.
 suppose to be a pseudo bank account app.
 its website accessible only.

 im using 3rd party ACH clearing, i can only accept payment. unless they have 3rd party.
 its ACH.
 maybe wait 1 month after withdraw notice.
 but 3rd party,
 it autolocked account, so no paid.

it suppose to be for friend and family and cooperative customers, not meant for frauding.
so i can't do.

i need to get real customers.

the risk can be a deep hole
the non frauds.

also limiting the idea of my finance app.
right now it suppose to have family support and willing friends and people.
my ACH is 3rd party, reversing might be a problem.
they verify their accounts first though. depends on the company.

wont the 3rd party know i paid them.
and they maybe fight the bank off.
maybe i can only allow same withdraw to same account deposited.
so cant pay to another account.

or maybe i independent verify them, and can show information same person from bank statement.
ID and SSN.

its a finance app for life and future.
im focusing entirety on product apy.
maybe i can create a plan, if they can fund a house im interested in, family pay rent or rented. 4%

well